Adds new Meetup Organizers Toolkit (#9)
ansible-community/meetup: resources/email_templates/once_the_speaker_confirms_for_the_talk.md

> Hello,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hello {recipient's name},
```

Reviewer: global comment

Author: Updated.

> Thank you for confirming the workshop/talk/hands-on. Your session will truly benefit the group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you so much for confirming your session. We are excited for the opportunity to collaborate with you at this event.
```

> Now to plan the session can you please provide the following information, whichever you are okay in sharing in with public.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We require some information to plan this session and publicly promote your session. You do not have to provide any information that isn't relevant or that you don't want to share. However it would help if you could give us as many details as possible.
```

> 1. Your full name or the name you prefer to be called by the community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Full name or preferred name.
```

> 2. The pronoun you are comfortable with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Preferred pronouns.
```

> 3. Your introduction, a short bio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. A short bio with two or three sentences.
```

> 4. Title of the workshop/talk/hands-on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Title of your workshop, talk, or hands-on activity.
```

> 5. Short description of the workshop/talk/hands-on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Short description of your workshop, talk, or hands-on activity.
```

> 6. The duration you are looking for the talk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. The estimated duration of your session.
```

> 7. The name of your organization and if you are comfortable sharing them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Your organization or company. If you provide this information, please confirm if you want to include it as part of your profile.
```

> 8. Are you okay if I tag you on Social media? Please share your social media handles (Mastodon, Linkedin, and Twitter) if you are comfortable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Social media profiles such as Mastodon, Linkedin, and Twitter. If you provide this information, please confirm if you want to be tagged or mentioned as part of the event.
```

> 9. Are you there in the Ansible Matrix? If not, then please follow. Can we share your Matrix username and social media handles in the meetup event page? It will be helpful for the attendees and broader community members to communicate with you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. The Ansible community uses Matrix as the main communication platform. Please join us on the [Ansible Social](https://matrix.to/#/#social:ansible.com) channel so we can introduce you and share details about your session with the community.
```

Author: Updated.

> Let us know what information you are okay to share. Also please specify the adminstrative stuff, requirements for your presentation or any other details you want us know or take care.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We look forward to hearing all the details about your session. Remember that there's no pressure to share information and, if you'd rather not, please just let us know.

If you have any additional requirements or needs that are not mentioned here, please also let us know. We want to make sure you have everything in place for a successful community event.
```

Author: Updated.

> Please share the details above by {date}. We intend to announce the event on {date}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure your participation, please provide your session details by {deadline date}. We plan to announce the event on {announce date} and need to confirm all sessions before the announcement.
```

Reviewer: I would move this paragraph to the top of the section so the time sensitivity is more prominent to the reader.

Author: Updated.

> Looking forward to your reply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We look forward to hearing from you soon.
```

Author: Updated.

Thank you,

> {your_name}

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{your_name}
```

Author: Updated.
